[ray.data.llm] Propose log_input_column_names() (#51441)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/working-with-llms.rst

    {'answer': 'Snowflakes gently fall\nBlanketing the winter scene\nFrozen peaceful hush'}

> If you have no idea about the required input columns for the processor, you can use the following API:

Author: ```suggestion
Each processor requires specific input columns. You can find get more info by using the following API:
```

.. testcode::

    processor.log_input_column_names()

.. testoutput::
    :options: +MOCK

    The first stage of the processor is ChatTemplateStage.
    Required input columns:

>             messages: A list of messages in OpenAI chat format. See https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/create for details.

Author: Hmm no it's not but that's a good idea. Let me add it
